[Docs] updates to the Linux and Mac auto-restart docs (#5020)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/autostart_systemd.rst

.. warning:: If the service doesn't stop in the next 10 seconds, the process is killed.
    Check your logs to know the cause of the error that prevents the shutdown.

> To disable the service, run the following, adding the instance name after the **@**:

Reviewer: To not give a wrong impression, this should say that what the command does is making the bot not start on boot anymore:
```suggestion
To set the bot to not start on boot anymore, you must disable the service by running the following command, adding the instance name after the **@**:
```

.. prompt:: bash

    sudo systemctl disable red@instancename

> To view Red’s log, you can access through journalctl:

Reviewer: This sentence is grammatically incorrect.
